We created our app the next age HTML file and the Poley files file.
Now it's time to work on the actual workflow using Westpac.
So for this I need to install a couple of packages.
I will use NPM install for this and now I will store them why save death as they are development dependencies.
Now here we need Westpac.
We all need the web.
Dev server so that we have a development server serving our app during development I guess so the next
thing we need is the angular router loader we alternate angular to template loader and even though it's
named angler's Q10 loader it works fine for angle of 4 too.
I also need the awesome typescript loader to be able to parse hypopnea into compile typescript in my
web page workflow and I need the HDMI loader to handle my age HTML templates.
We can add to roll load for a year and I need to add typescript.
I also want to add D-Del. Seelye so that we can delete files during our workflows.
Specifically I want to delete some files after the ahead of time compilation finished and I want to
delete the disk folder before we create a new one each time we run that command.
So now I hit enter to install these packages as development packages and with these packages all installed
in the next lecture we can start setting up our t s conflict follower types and configuration and the
web page workflow.